with each different skin type you
will have an answer with a suitable product
if you have a rather trendy skin
oily so if you go rather shine
at the midline
you will be able to use once per
week a balancing mask in cleanser
so you apply it on the whole of the
face avoiding the eye area
you leave for 10 to 15 minutes then
remove yourself with warm water
if you even want a hot towel
why not if you have little ones
worries imperfections buttons
fist a notebook so all that is
little blackhead little hair growing
under the skin you also have
discs so imperfections discs
you will ask him directly where
you simply have imperfection
once the disc is in use use it
throw you are never used to them
twice before he had to renew
the bacteria if you want to hide a
imperfection
you also have sticks
correctors at that moment perfection
view you place the stic
you end up with imperfection and
treaties and masked with the product
if you have more of a skin to
dry trend so you have
clean skin morning and evening it
draws if you do not put cream
satire also there you are going to have
different products to hydrate you
All day long
if you tend to have
redness ie at the level of
cheeks like small rosacea vessels
in these cases you will be able
also use a suitable cream that
you will apply where you have your
rodents
so you apply where you have
your redness and makes you penetrate
always very very gentle movements
and always going back